.TH NHI-LOG-SESSION 1 2023

.SH NAME
nhi-log-session - Show logs of executed commands within <session>.

.SH DESCRIPTION
nhi-log-session shows logs of executed commands within session using less program. Interface is inspired by git-log.

.SH SYNOPSIS
nhi log [--help | -h] <session> [--exit-status | -s <exit-status>] [--directory | -d <directory>] [--command | -c <command-regex>]
[--before | -b <date-and-time>] [--after | -a <date-and-time>] [-l | --long]

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-h, --help
Show context-sensitive help.

.TP
<session>
You can specify session by its:
.RS
- index, sessions are arranged from oldest to the most recently started. Indexing starts from 0, not from 1.
.br
- negative index, the index value of -1 gives the most recently started session, -2 gives the second most recent session, etc.
.br
- name.

Indicator needs to be specified inside curly brackets.
.RE

.TP
-s, --exit-status=<exit-status>
Only show command(s) with specified exit status.
If `not` precedes exit status, then command(s) with exit status other than given will be shown. For example, specifying `not0` will show command(s) with different exit status than 0.

.TP
-d, --directory=<directory>
Only show command(s) executed in specified directory.

.TP
-c, --command=<command-regex>
Only show command(s) that match given regex.

.TP
-b, --before=<date-and-time>
Only show command(s) executed before specified date and time. Date and time needs to be specified in the following format: "%YY-%MM-%DD %HH:%MM:%SS".

.TP
-a, --after=<date-and-time>
Only show command(s) executed after specified date and time. Date and time needs to be specified in the following format: "%YY-%MM-%DD %HH:%MM:%SS".

.TP
-l, --long
Use a long listing format.
