.TH NHI-FETCH 1 2023

.SH NAME
nhi-fetch - Fetch shell session, optionally with given range of command(s).

.SH SYNOPSIS
nhi fetch [--help | -h] <session> [<start:end>] [--exit-status | -s <exit-status>] [--directory | -d <directory>] [--command | -c <command-regex>]
[--before | -b <date-and-time>] [--after | -a <date-and-time>] [--fetch-child-shells | -f] [--stderr-in-red | -r]

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-h, --help
Show context-sensitive help.

.TP
<session>
You can specify session by its:
.RS
- index, sessions are arranged from oldest to the most recently started. Indexing starts from 0, not from 1.
.br
- negative index, the index value of -1 gives the most recently started session, -2 gives the second most recent session, etc.
.br
- name.

Indicator needs to be specified inside curly brackets.
.RE

.TP
[<start:end>]
If you want to fetch only a part of shell session you can easily specify which commands you would like to fetch.
.RS
To achieve that use slice notation: {X:Y}. Slice notation needs to be specified in curly brackets.
.br
X is start range, Y is end range, you can replace X and Y with:
.br
- index, commands are arranged from oldest to the most recently started. Indexing starts from 0, not from 1.
.br
- negative index.
.br
- indicator, you can discover command indicator that you are interested in by using nhi-log-session(1).
.br
You can also keep X or Y empty, in order to not set a border.

nhi slice notation is inspired by python slice notation.
.RE

.TP
-s, --exit-status=<exit-status>
Only show command(s) with specified exit status.
If `not` precedes exit status, then command(s) with exit status other than given will be shown. For example, specifying `not0` will show command(s) with different exit status than 0.

.TP
-d, --directory=<directory>
Only show command(s) executed in specified directory.

.TP
-c, --command=<command-regex>
Only show command(s) that match given regex.

.TP
-b, --before=<date-and-time>
Only show command(s) executed before specified date and time. Date and time needs to be specified in the following format: "%YY-%MM-%DD %HH:%MM:%SS".

.TP
-a, --after=<date-and-time>
Only show command(s) executed after specified date and time. Date and time needs to be specified in the following format: "%YY-%MM-%DD %HH:%MM:%SS".

.TP
-f, --fetch-child-shells
Fetch content of shells executed within the session.

.TP
-r, --stderr-in-red
Show error(s) in red color.
